# Bar_Sales_Correlation
A project meant to show correlation between events and what is selling at a bar. (mock sales data used)

This project was intended to show correlations between events, both at the bar and locally, and drink sales, in an effort to offer a better plan for ordering supply, and to not run out as often. As I started working with the data to build the project, I was asked to no longer use the data in a public setting. This project was for a coding class, so I needed it to be public. I had considered finding a new topic and data for this project, but nothing called to me the way data I've been wokring with for nearly a decade did, and building the framework to make visualizing patterns in sales here is something that benefits me in the real world even if I cant post the real data on this project. So I set out to restart the same project from scratch, just using mock data. I kept the calendar roughly the same, shedding a few events and details that belong to the company, throwing generic things in place of named things. I also cut out the weather tied to the calendar, as theres no good way to use the mock data to show anything with that correlation. I then used a number generator to build a years worth of fake sales to plug into the datasets. The generated data fits roughly along the paths I wanted to demonstrate, with minor touchups here and there to have something to demonstrate possible correlations to events.


As it sits, I am building dataframes of the "correlations" to events using pandas in a jupyter notebook detailing the process, and plan to have graphs and visualizations ready to show the breakdown easily to people wo cant read the code.